---
layout: default
title: Home
---

# {{ site.title }}

## {{ site.description }}<br> {{ site.location }}

## GAP Days in general

[GAP](https://www.gap-system.org/) Days are meetings where developers and users
with GAP programming experience are invited to discuss, influence, and
contribute to the future development of GAP. To streamline each meeting, the
organisers usually suggest a few main topics to work on during the week.

The meetings are also suitable for advertising recent developments in GAP
itself, and its packages, via short talks.  However, the focus of the meetings
is on development, with talks playing only a minor role.  As enough GAP experts
will be around for advice and technical support, the meetings offer particularly
good opportunities for people to work on their own packages. At the end of the
week, we would be happy to hear about any progress you made.

## {{ site.title }}

The theme of this GAP Days will be “Modern Permutation Group Algorithms”.
During this GAP Days, we aim to survey, understand, and develop the algorithmic
infrastructure for permutation groups in GAP. To support these aims, we will
begin by spending the first day reviewing and discussing the current
functionality in GAP for permutations and permutation groups, beginning with the
way permutations are stored and the basic orbit-stabiliser algorithms, and
identifying areas in the code and documentation for improvement as we proceed.

We will also include a small number of additional talks during the GAP Days
about computing with permutation groups in GAP. If there is a particular topic
in this area that you would like to hear a talk about, then please include
details in the comment box at registration.

We would like this GAP Days to be an opportunity for all interested people with
little knowledge of the insides of GAP to join in: this includes undergraduate
students, PhD students, post-docs, and more experienced mathematicians. You will
be able to meet us and each other, and learn about GAP development and
algorithmic group theory in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere.

GAP Days Spring 2019 is organised by

* Chris Jefferson
* Markus Pfeiffer
* Rebecca Waldecker
* Wilf Wilson

More detailed information can be found on [the program page]({{ site.baseurl }}/program).


## Registering and visiting

GAP Days Spring 2019 will take place at the {{ site.location }}. Information
about the exact location and accommodation options can be found on [the location
page]({{ site.baseurl }}/location).

## <a name="contact"></a> Contact

If you have questions or suggestions, then please contact the organisers by
email at [gapdays2019-spring@gapdays.de](mailto:gapdays2019-spring@gapdays.de).

## Previous GAP Days

Please visit <https://www.gapdays.de> for a list of all GAP Days.
